guess what I have a new roommate what's
the deal Eric well for the next week we
are roommates
yeah Sarah is being nice enough to let
me sleep right here on this couch that
you can't see but he's a little not
Nomad life so change of plans
he's in New York but lots of errands
today what do you have should I do I
have to get a haircut because I have
like a kind of birds nest growing up
here I'm going to watch
[Music]
that's good
I'm feeling good today I'm in a really
good mood last night I had a fantastic
dinner with friends it's good to be back
in the city I think I am happiest when I
am just like in New York City and
getting ish done and hanging with people
I love traveling love it I love it I
love it I love it
man just when I come back to the city
I'm like just everything inside me is
just calmer
did you see fam I got a plan yes yes yes
so I have two plants I think I need to
get two more I will bring you on a plant
adventure soon do you guys get excited
about plants I'm just stoked to get my
apartment stop texting me I'm so popular
just kidding it's Jeanie it's my mom I'm
pumped for this apartment to come
together because I really want to do an
NYC apartment tour so that will come
soon and when I say soon probably like a
few months
this is the first time that I've ever
checked my fuel box I'm so excited but
we're gonna do this quickly so I'm gonna
have Eric help me out you got the
packages okay so we're gonna trade ya
p.o box is shravaka love hey Sarah I
love your series created space TV I got
inspired by your signature stay peachy
look at how fresh those are I'm diggin
though there's got some cool viewers
that's like yes figures stickers are
always cool sticker mule thank you poppy
things cuz bond to smile bond balm for
your lips mmm that smells so good it is
good that's really good and then you got
this oh stop look at this peach pin-up
well peach Oh peach ooh what is this
Andrew do you know injury up ideas so it
was music sometimes so this guy and your
apple pie he is an incredible just like
music maker and I have used a lot of his
music for a creative space TV episodes
that's what's up Andrew nice merch man
oh they're stickers stickers when I grow
up
Andrew I want to be as cool as you ready
good go
you never open up a package before oh
okay this is cool so they're playing
cards I was on the show the askgaryvee
show he's an awesome on for narration
check out his channel and so I made a
deck of cards of all of his guests on
the show and he's getting him signed by
ever that's pretty straight legit that's
that's cool hi my name is Anna and I'm
from Singapore Singapore the color
grading is fantastic and the branding is
amazing thank you
and at pen and paper pen and paper thank
you
that was awesome okay yo huh that's sick
thanks pen and paper by the way Eric is
an awesome travel vlogger who used to
live in New York and gonna live in New
York City again soon maybe one baby I
want to call myself a travel blogger I
think just daily vlogger that happens to
travel about now yes yeah I have a
channel used to live in New York City
right now I'm kind of just traveling
around and Sarah's being nice enough to
just let me crash in her lovely
apartment so next adventure
our next adventure is Los Angeles and
then I'm doing a road trip from Los
Angeles to San Fran which should be done
Fran as that well I love it
I've never been to California properly
into California no that'll be good okay
I make sure to subscribe all to him for
all the California adventures hit
subscribe oh hello and keep the good
work up I love the bottom I can see
really Sean thank you John that's incur
surf right there
beautiful cursive John thank you for the
laughs look at these stickers yeah it's
a Brussels postcard
hey fan today's mail time very creative
thank you so much for saving you guys it
was so creative and I have like a ton of
stuff to stick on things and put on my
wall and
ah stickers our clutch yeah yeah all
this is so great so originally we needed
to go get Eric a new camera but now my
sony is messing up again so like I legit
might have to buy another camera now you
probably would guys we're squatting out
hard here in New York I have a new
friend introduce yourself I've been
traveling lens on the Internet's yes and
she shoots amazing pictures and where
were you just like where was your last
adventure I was just in the Arctic yeah
yeah those Arctic nights are like been
Brown and Tim speaking of Tim hey this
filmic Pro yeah
24 protip guys if you want to shoot 24
frames per second on your iPhone
download an app called filmic Pro this
is how we squat out here sometimes you
just gotta get somewhere a little bit
faster and you only have one booster
boards
rude people while y'all United camera
that's how you do that
a few yeah you got views on views I know
check out these views right now
the Empire State life with Tim's head -
I walk
what guys it's Tim actually in the wild
yes this is real life 10 to the 1
you
[Music]
just wrapped up an awesome jam sesh mic
is still going
I don't like guitar and so long and so
it was so good
just Jan Erik they did it we had no clue
that sound playing you give playing the
vlogs no comment no class ever play
guitar though good jam sesh good one
second look who it is
so welcome look at this look at this
ridiculous this is the way on the
Internet
what's the Internet what's the Internet
all right it's good to find you
hey Sam nice to meet you Vivian good
hangs with friends tonight until until
tomorrow it's the next day last night I
got some friends to help me install some
new lights when one of them isn't
working properly so you it's just
continually looping different colors so
one would say it's very lit you haven't
been missing out on much today I've just
been on my computer getting boring
boring stuff done and my sony point in
street is still broken so that's great
I meant to open up this package
yesterday when I was with Eric during
the PIO boxes but this is something I
purchased from a friend who's an artist
who lives in Texas where I'm from it is
so cool oh my gosh I'm obsessed with
this I am literally look at this oh my
gosh
man so cool so I'm going to try and
finish PowerPoint slides for my talks
that I have coming up who a lot of a lot
of craziness around the corner and
tomorrow tomorrow some cool people are
coming to New York City and adventures
are going to be had until next time fam
stay peachy okay hi we gonna polish the
videos all of the bottle blue until the
bottoms of the shoes yeah we're gonna
bond it can apricot blue went wrong